# PwnBack


## Getting Started

PwnBack requires PhantomJS to run. You can download it from [here](http://phantomjs.org/)

To understand why it is required currently see the section [PhantomsJS](###PhantomJS)




The plugin has several settings that a user is able to define depending on their hardware setup.

* &#35; of PhantomJS WebDrivers
  - The number of Firefox headless browsers to open. Be mindful of Burp Suite's memory settings

* &#35; of HTTP Response Parsers
  - These are responsible for parsing requests generated by the WebDriver. You may gain very little by increasing this number.

* Start Year
  - How far back in a Website's history you'd like to traverse
  
* End Year
  - When to stop looking at a Website's history

* PhantomJS Location
  - The location of the PhantomJS binary

* Output Folder
  - Where to save results when the Export Results button is pressed

* Domain
  - The domain name to crawl for, I.E example.com, example.org, etc.

* CA Bundle
  - The CA certificate you wish to use for PhantomJS. You shouldn't need this, however check 
  Troubleshooting if no traffic is being generated



### Installing
In BurpSuite open the Extender Tab

Click the Add button

Locate the jar file included with this repo. 

The current version of is v1.7.21, I am unable to guarantee backwards support. 

## Build

Run the following commands

```bash
git clone https://git.soma.salesforce.com/AcqSec/PwnBack.git
cd PwnBack
./gradlew fatJar
```



## Authors

* **Paul Ganea** - *Initial work* - [k4ch0w](https://github.com/k4ch0w)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details


### PhantomJS

PhantomJS is required to correctly render pages produced by archive.org. 
The service uses ajax calls to render the page, so if you don't use a webdriver that
supports Javascript you will only receive the wayback machines toolbar.


### Troubleshooting 
There is an issue with the JVM's Cert storage on certain computers and the SSL certifcate provided by archive.org
If you see no traffic traffic being generate run the following command and provide the path to the CA-Bundle

```bash
curl --remote-name --time-cond cacert.pem https://curl.haxx.se/ca/cacert.pem
```

